Hi.
Welcome to my course.
I'll guide you how to follow this course.
This course is covering around 45 hours.
Then it means you have to spend some extra time for learning this course.
So I suggest you to complete this course in a timely manner.
So you spend at least two hours per day so that you can finish it within a month.
Then while studying you can watch whiteboard session and whatever it is discussion whiteboard session
you can prepare notes if you want and every program is discussed on whiteboard so you can pause the
video or at the end of the video you can start cording the program by yourself.
So everything is discussed on whiteboard so you can do it by yourself. If at all you face any difficulty,
then you can watch a coding video. Coding videos are also available and along with the coding video
a PDF for full program is also available you can verify your program with that PDF content. The most
important thing is analysis.
There is a video on time and space complexity in the beginning of the course so you must watch that
video.
I have done analysis on each and every data structure and operations on the data structure. Now, while watching
a video on analysis,
I suggest you to practice it by yourself and if you are doing the analysis by yourself ones that will
help you remembering the analysis and applying them in the right place.
And one more thing.
Asymptotic notations are used for representing the time complexities like Bigo, Omega and Theta.
These are simple terms,
These are nothing, without
also you can represent the time complexity.
These terms mostly confuse the students so even I have covered about asymptotic notations, You
can watch the video available for asymptotic notations.
I have discussed when to use Bigo, Omega and Theta but during my discussions I have not used these
notations to make topic simple and easy for you to understand.
At any place If you find any difficulty you can leave a message to me.
You can go to question and answer section and then you can leave a message and if you have any trouble
in coding you can send me a screenshot so that I can quickly reply you. So,  am there with you always whenever
you face any difficulty you can put a question in the QnA section. That's all, you can start
learning Data Structure course. Definitely, you will enjoy the course.